README.md, before:

## Module 13 Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) Challenge: E-commerce Back End

### Description

Build the back end for an e-commerce site. Take a working Express.js API and configure it to use Sequelize to interact with a MySQL database.

### User Story

AS A manager at an internet retail company
I WANT a back end for my e-commerce website that uses the latest technologies
SO THAT my company can compete with other e-commerce companies

### Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a functional Express.js API
WHEN I add my database name, MySQL username, and MySQL password to an environment variable file
THEN I am able to connect to a database using Sequelize
WHEN I enter schema and seed commands
THEN a development database is created and is seeded with test data
WHEN I enter the command to invoke the application
THEN my server is started and the Sequelize models are synced to the MySQL database
WHEN I open API GET routes in Insomnia for categories, products, or tags
THEN the data for each of these routes is displayed in a formatted JSON
WHEN I test API POST, PUT, and DELETE routes in Insomnia
THEN I am able to successfully create, update, and delete data in my database

### Database Models

- `Category`

    - `id`
        - Integer
        - Doesn't allow null values
        - Set as primary key
        - Uses auto increment

    - `category_name`
        - String
        - Doesn't allow null values

- `Product`

    - `id`
        - Integer
        - Doesn't allow null values
        - Set as primary key
        - Uses auto increment

    - `product_name`
        - String
        - Doesn't allow null values

    - `price`
        - Decimal
        - Doesn't allow null values
        - Validates that the value is a decimal

    - `stock`
        - Integer
        - Doesn't allow null values
        - Set a default value of 10
        - Validates that the value is numeric

    - `category_id`
        - Integer
        - References the category model's id

- `Tag`

    - `id`
        - Integer
        - Doesn't allow null values
        - Set as primary key
        - Uses auto increment

    - `tag_name`
        - String

- `ProductTag`

    - `id`
        - Integer
        - Doesn't allow null values
        - Set as primary key
        - Uses auto increment

    - `product_id`
        - Integer
        - References the product model's id

    - `tag_id`
        - Integer
        - References the tag model's id

Commit message:

updated README - need to makle video

README.md, after:

# Module 13 Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) Challenge: E-commerce Back End

## Description

Build the back end for an e-commerce site. Take a working Express.js API and configure it to use Sequelize to interact with a MySQL database.

## User Story

AS A manager at an internet retail company
I WANT a back end for my e-commerce website that uses the latest technologies
SO THAT my company can compete with other e-commerce companies

## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a functional Express.js API
WHEN I add my database name, MySQL username, and MySQL password to an environment variable file
THEN I am able to connect to a database using Sequelize
WHEN I enter schema and seed commands
THEN a development database is created and is seeded with test data
WHEN I enter the command to invoke the application
THEN my server is started and the Sequelize models are synced to the MySQL database
WHEN I open API GET routes in Insomnia for categories, products, or tags
THEN the data for each of these routes is displayed in a formatted JSON
WHEN I test API POST, PUT, and DELETE routes in Insomnia
THEN I am able to successfully create, update, and delete data in my database

## Database Models

- `Category`

    - `id`
        - Integer
        - Doesn't allow null values
        - Set as primary key
        - Uses auto increment

    - `category_name`
        - String
        - Doesn't allow null values

- `Product`

    - `id`
        - Integer
        - Doesn't allow null values
        - Set as primary key
        - Uses auto increment

    - `product_name`
        - String
        - Doesn't allow null values

    - `price`
        - Decimal
        - Doesn't allow null values
        - Validates that the value is a decimal

    - `stock`
        - Integer
        - Doesn't allow null values
        - Set a default value of 10
        - Validates that the value is numeric

    - `category_id`
        - Integer
        - References the category model's id

- `Tag`

    - `id`
        - Integer
        - Doesn't allow null values
        - Set as primary key
        - Uses auto increment

    - `tag_name`
        - String

- `ProductTag`

    - `id`
        - Integer
        - Doesn't allow null values
        - Set as primary key
        - Uses auto increment

    - `product_id`
        - Integer
        - References the product model's id

    - `tag_id`
        - Integer
        - References the tag model's id

## Associations

You'll need to execute association methods on your Sequelize models to create the following relationships between them:

- Product belongs to Category, as a category can have multiple products but a product can only belong to one category.

- Category has many Product models.

- Product belongs to many Tag models. Using the ProductTag through model, allow products to have multiple tags and tags to have many products.

- Tag belongs to many Product models.

## Instructions on how to run the app

- Add a .env file to the root of the app with the following details

text
DB_NAME='ecommerce_db'
DB_USER='root'
DB_PW='xxx'
